Add development guide (#160)
pingcap/chaos-mesh: doc/setup_env.md

## Setting Up The Development Environment
### Requirements
You should have these components installed in your system:
- golang (>= v1.13), if your golang version < v1.13, you can use golang version manager such as [gvm](https://github.com/moovweb/gvm) to switch to a newer one.
- [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/lang/en/) and [nodejs](https://nodejs.org/en/): for chaos-dashboard
- docker
- gcc
- [kind](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kind)

### Step By Step
Firstly, clone the repo
```
git clone https://github.com/pingcap/chaos-mesh.git
cd chaos-mesh
```
Then, install [kubebuilder](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kubebuilder) and [kustomize](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kustomize)
```
make install-kubebuilder

> make install-kustomize

Reviewer: Missing  ``` here？

> Install [docker](https://docs.docker.com/install/) and start docker service, if you are using centos, you can use the following command to start

Reviewer: > if you are using centos, you can use the following command to start

Do we need to mention this? What if I don't use CentOS?

```
service docker start
```
Then we can test the toolchain
```
make
```
It should work. But it's not enough yet, we need to set up a local Kubernetes cluster, which needs [kind](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kind)
```
curl -Lo ./kind "https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kind/releases/download/v0.7.0/kind-$(uname)-amd64"
chmod +x ./kind
mv kind /usr/local/bin/
```
In addition to kind, you also need helm
```
curl -Lo helm.tar.gz https://get.helm.sh/helm-v2.15.1-linux-amd64.tar.gz
tar xvf helm.tar.gz

> mv linux-amd64/helm /usr/local/bin/

Reviewer: This should be a  requirement

# Set up the development environment

This document walks you through the environment setup process for Chaos Mesh development.

## Prerequisites

- [golang](https://golang.org/dl/) (>= v1.13)
- [docker](https://www.docker.com/)
- [gcc](https://gcc.gnu.org/)
- [Helm](https://helm.sh/) >= v2.8.2
- [kind](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kind)
- [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/lang/en/) and [nodejs](https://nodejs.org/en/) (for chaos-dashboard)

## Prepare the toolchain

Make sure you have the above prerequisites met. Now follow the steps below to prepare the toolchain for compiling Chaos Mesh:

1. clone the chaos-mesh repo to your local.

```
git clone https://github.com/pingcap/chaos-mesh.git
cd chaos-mesh
```

2. Install the K8s API development framework - [kubebuilder](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kubebuilder) and [kustomize](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kustomize).

```
make install-kubebuilder
make install-kustomize
```

3. Start the docker service. Most Linux distributions use `systemctl` to start services. If you do not have `systemctl`, use the service command.

> 4. Make sure `${GOPATH}/bin` is in your `PATH`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Make sure `${GOPATH}/bin` is in your `PATH` by executing:
```

> execute `echo 'export PATH=$(go env GOPATH)/bin:${PATH}' >> ~/.bash_profile` and `source ~/. bash_profile`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 `echo 'export PATH=$(go env GOPATH)/bin:${PATH}' >> ~/.bash_profile` and `source ~/. bash_profile`.
```

> ***Note***: If your yarn is new installed, you may need reload terminal to make it available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
***Note***: If your yarn is newly installed, you may need to restart the terminal to make it available.
```

> **Note:** If your yarn is newly installed, you may need to restart the terminal to make it available.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **Note:**
>
> If your yarn is newly installed, you may need to restart the terminal to make it available.
```

Now you can test the toolchain by running:

```
make
```

If there is no error in the output, the compiling toolchain is successfully configured.

## Prepare the deployment environment

> With the toolchain ready, we still need a local Kubernetes cluster as the deployment environment. As we already have kind installed, we can now set up the K8s cluster directly:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the toolchain ready, you still need a local Kubernetes cluster as the deployment environment. Because kind is already installed in your local, you can now set up the K8s cluster directly:
```

```
hack/kind-cluster-build.sh
```

## Next steps

> Congratulations. You are now all set up for Chaos Mesh development. Try the following tasks:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Congratulations! You are now all set up for Chaos Mesh development. Try the following tasks:
```
